
# Plans

- Continue yesterday's work of implementing information collection and passing it to the frontend

## Parts list
 This list is not final. Assessments on what to keep and remove will have to be made to ensure feasibility and deadline efficiency. 

- Plugins
- Screen size (likely not feasible - window size is though)
- color_scheme (color scheme? what does this mean?)
- ~~hdr_screen (what does this mean?)~~
- gpu (how to detect this?)
- broswer (remove this, replace with user agent)
- operating_system (remove this, replace with user agent)
- touch_screen (feasibility, remove if not simple)
- user_agent (complete)
- platform (???)
- referring_url (???)
- host_name (???)
- isp - get from whois data
- tor (research needed)
- vpn (research needed)
- bot (research needed)
- crawler (research needed)
- uris (do this last)

# Order

1. plugins
2. screen size
3. color scheme
4. hdr screen
5. gpu
6. User agent related stuff (can we get this separate from the user agent for more accuracy?)
	- browser name
	- browser version
	- operating system name
	- operating system architecture
8. user agent
9. platform - separate from operating system under the user agent
11. ISP host name -- isn't this just the IP address? 
12. tor
13. vpn 
14. bot crawler 
15. uri


# 1. Plugins

```js
const plugin_names = new Array()
const plugin_versions = new Array()
for(vari i=0;i<x;i++)
{
	plugin_names.push(navigator.plugins[i].name)
	//not sure if the below works
	plugin_versions.push(navigator.plugins[navigator.plugins[i].name].version)
}
```

# 2. Screen Size 

whats the point of this? Let's remove it. 

```js

```

# 3. WEBGL

```js
var canvas = document.createElement('canvas');
var gl;
var debugInfo;
var vendor;
var renderer;

try {
	gl = canvas.getContext('webgl') || canvas.getContext('experimental-webgl');
} catch(e) {
}

if(gl) {
	debugInfo = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_debug_renderer_info');
	vendor = gl.getParameter(debugInfo.UNMASKED_VENDOR_WEBGL);
	renderer = gl.getParameter(debugInfo.UNMAKSED_RENDERER_WEBGL);
}
alert(debugInfo) //works!
alert(vendor)
alert(renderer)
```

# 4.  Browser  - take from user agent for now

come back to this one and update it for more specific browser identification methods

# 5. Operating System / Platform

navigator.platform property 

Can use the navigator.platform property (going to be depreciated, need to find alternative)
Some evidence that the depreciation mark is erroneous. 

```JS
if (window.navigator.platform.indexOf("Win") != -1) {
    console.log("The user is running Windows");
} else if (window.navigator.platform.indexOf("Mac") != -1) {
    console.log("The user is running Mac OS");
} else if (window.navigator.platform.indexOf("Linux") != -1) {
    console.log("The user is running Linux");
} else {
    console.log("The user's operating system could not be determined");
}
```

Should try and find a good replacement for this otherwise. 

# 6.  ISP host name 

get this from the whois information on the backend 

# 7. last priorities

uri and form input history 

tor/vpn/bot/crawler (behavior identification)

