Plans:
- Get the dropdown to stay up and shrink when opening the delete campaign menu 
- Implement campaign deletion function in the flask portion 
- Add functionality to the search button 
- Add functionality to search button 

Progress:
- URI information now displays on the frontend 
- Added a delete campaign button that opens a delete window with typing verification based on the campaign name 

Problems:
- Issues and bugs with display (see plans)


# issue 1

If an info panel is opened and then the delete button is selected. The info panel closes as desired but the campaign selector bar drops down despite the info panel being closed. We want it to stay up. 

What tells the info panel that it is okay to drop down? 
fixed by manually setting the info_panel_open to false after closeInfoPanel(); appears to be a scoping issue.

==Long term: NEED TO ADD A FUNCTION THAT RUNS EVERY TIME A NEW WINDOW PANEL IS OPENED WHICH CLOSES ALL OTHER WINDOWS==. This feature needs to be incorporated with a code rewrite that simplifies the ways these windows coexist. Right now, adding new windows is unnecessarily complicated. 

# issue 2

New focus for today/tomorrow - optimize code dealing with the opening and closing of windows

## goals
1. Template HTML, CSS, and JS for creating new panels
2. Create a function or centralized code section that handles the opening and closing of panels 

## current windows
- Info Panel
- Delete campaign panel
- Create new campaign panel 
- search panel 

Campaign navigator bar behavior relies on whether or not the info panel is open 

## current implementation 
### info panel

### delete campaign panel

### create new campaign panel

### search panel 

## Implementation ideas 

Add all panel container divs to a class in the HTML. In the JS, create an array of all the container divs. 

The function will iterate over the array and only take one input (the window to open). It will then close all other windows and open the appropriate one. 

Alternatively
1. Store an DICTIONARY storing the following for each panel 
	- panel_name
	- panel_dimensions (x, y)
	- is_open (True, False)

store in the format {panel_name: \{panel_dimensions: \[200, 300\], is_open: false\}}

Use the same method above with the centralized function, but use JS to generate the windows. 

## Solution we went with:
	Adding HTML data fields with the width and height of every panel 
	An additional data field stating whether or not the panel is displayed 
	Add all elements to a class panel

HTML
- Give all display panels a "panel" class
- Add the following data fields
	- data-width
	- data-height
	- data-open

CSS
- Examine what all panels have in common, and add all of these rules to a CSS rule for .panel

JS
- Create an array that has the ID for each panel in the panel class 
- Create a function called panel_manager() that takes the following arguments
	- panel_to_open - the id of the panel to open 

The function will do the following: 
- Iterate over the entire array of ids in the panels class
- Check the data-open value 
	- if true and != panel_to_open: close the panel 
	- if false and == panel_to_open, open the panel

Issue: if a lot of panels are added, this will run slow. 

## Problems
- new_campaign does not appear
- 

# Things done

1. Added a cancel button that closes the delete menu
2. Fixed automatic refresh issue when using the delete menu
3. Fixed issue in which popup bar closed when opening the delete menu if the info panel was open
4. reformatted the ways panels open close (it's a lot easier to add them now)
5. Added foundations for the search panel functionality 

