
First mission from J. Angel

**Simplest approach**

_Automatically send a curated version of the KB to a Github repository._

- External Github orgs:
    - Maintain a clone of the repository.
    - Manage org users, and therefore access to the repository.
- Will need to work with systems to give access to external orgs.
- Unidirectional, i.e., pushes from external orgs are not considered.

**To start off, we'll**

1. [x]  Get [@jboyd](/jboyd "Joseph Boyd") access to the BHIS Github ([@justin.angel](/justin.angel "Justin Angel")) (He had access all along)
2. [x]  Create a **private** test Github repository ([@jboyd](/jboyd "Joseph Boyd"))
3. Decide on best method to send repository to Github ([@jboyd](/jboyd "Joseph Boyd"))
	- This will take some research 😃
1. Configure and demo sync to Github ([@jboyd](/jboyd "Joseph Boyd") [@justin.angel](/justin.angel "Justin Angel"))
2. Work with Systems regarding external org access ([@justin.angel](/justin.angel))

# RIB (Research, Ideas, and Brainstorm)

There's a method by which a repository can be ported over to github from gitlab - however, it seems it's not meant to take updates from the gitlab repo. 

==method to import github repo to gitlab repo==

The command below will add a secondary remote access to the repository to github, which will permit us to push the repo to github. Note that an existing EMPTY github repository is required. 
```bash
git remote add github <SSH to github repo>
git push github main
```

==Sync Routine==

CI/CD

Trigger when push occurs to the KB repo

Completed prototype for sync from gitlab to github on kb


## BeeKeeper!

Work continued on beekeeper for the rest of the day. 
tested ZAP using AJAX! - Triggered the alert, DID NOT get the location
Getting location with burp might also not be possible. 
However, other information was collected. 

### The campaign restructure 

We're restructuring the campaigns to be hosted in individual flask servers running on different ports as specified by the user. 

The solution for this is as follows: 
1. User puts in a request for a new campaign on the main application
2. Alongside all the other files that the new campaign functions generates, a python script will be generated using a jinja template to fill in the arguments specified by the user. (keep track of python using the ID in the campaign_IDs.csv file). Add a unique campaign string to the end of each ID so the process kill function can terminate.
3. Using os.system() - BeeKeeper 