Started work at 8:30 AM. 

The following plans were made for today: 
```
Plans:

- Polish information collection methods developed yesterday
- Add plugins table to front end
- remove screen size table entry
- add GPU information to frontend
- Remove user agent, split information across "user agent browser" and "user agent OS" table entries 
- Add information popups to browser and OS table entries
- Add a separate OS tab, verify that the navigator.platform JS feature doesn't pull information from the user agent
- If time, build foundation for URI/form activity data collecting
```

Updated information collection methods discovered yesterday into the clone info sender. 

# Parsing user agent strings 

```
Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/127.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
```

code
```python
user_agent_split = user_agent.split(" ")
#["Mozilla/5.0", "(X11; Linux x86_64)", "AppleWebKit/537.36", "(KHTML, like Gecko)", "Chrome/127.0.0.0", "Safari/537.36"]

OS = user_agent_split[1]
browser = user_agent_split[4]
```


- A morning or day should be dedicated to thorough user agent parsing. Come back to this in v2

# Updating the front end view

Front end currently contains
- First seen
- last seen
- times connected
- coordinates (wifi)
- user time
- time zone
- language
- incognito
- ad blocker
- GPU
- browser
- browser vuln
- user agent
- operating system
- architecture
- IP
- IP exposed
- host name
- ISP
- likely
- URI's and inputs table

make the following changes

~~fix the undefined timezone issue~~
~~fix the undefined language issue~~
~~remove incognito~~ 
~~remove ad blocker (for now)~~
~~ensure GPU works~~
~~remove browser~~
~~remove browser vuln~~
~~ensure operating system works~~
~~remove architecture~~ 
~~remove IP exposed~~
~~remove host name~~
~~remove likely~~ 
~~add plugins~~

# URI tables

Goal: when a user clicks on a link or interacts with a form, send the following to the backend:
- The URI the interaction occured on
- The type of interaction (FORM or LINK)
- The inputs provided (comma separated inputs OR the URL/link name)
- The timestamp of the interaction 

Status quo
no information is passed
forms are set to interact with an existing API route
- returns a 0 :(

## I1

Don't call a flask API route when submitting form data. 

instead, inject a script into the document that runs when the form is submitted. 
- Will need to add an ID to each form and input field 
- Will need to create and inject a JS eventListener corresponding to the form's ID.
	- The eventListener will pass the information to the backend without needing to receive a loaded response. 

## l2

Call a flask API route when submitting form data - simply reload the same page the form was submitted to using the return render_template. 

May run into issues with this, templates are automatically rendered from the static folder. 

Will need to find a way to load it from another directory
OR 
Pass the name of the current file to the flask server and copy the file into the static directory, load it from there. 

- Will need to delete these files when finished 

## I3

Similar to I1 - instead of injecting a info grabber for each input/form. Use ONE JS function to grab ALL inputs currently on the page whenever ANY button is pressed. 

Went with I3