
Most of today will be spent researching the work Justin Angel has developed. 
The  infrastructure deployment automation initiative has been entirely built by and maintained by Justin Angel. The overview provided by Justin Angel consisted of the following points: 
- Three repos - infrastructure requests repository (IRR), operator's companion (OC), and infrastructure deployment repository (IDR).
- Three repositories exist to allow the highest degree of access control (we don't want secrets in the IDR to be displayed in the IRR). 
- OC -> IRR -> Relay Server -> IDR
- Users generate YAML in the OC, copy and paste the YAML into an issue in the IRR, which uses a webhook to send information to a relay server, which acts as a middleman between the IRR and the IDR. The IDR handles the deployment of the requested services while the IRR updates the user on the status.

BeeKeeper notes

Need to restructure the way the code works. Do not worry about recursive cloning methods for now or internally hosted honeypots. Focus on developing a method to clone a single webpage to face outward for anyone to attack. 


Structure will be as follows: 

Attacker -> Publically accessible flask server -> User routes. 

==Consider for the long term - CI/CD pipelines that use a method similar to the infrastructure deployments automation initiative to create a variety of services centered around a single spoke==

Question - how can we generate a new flask server for each campaign? 

Create a campaign_manager.py file with the following function 

generate_new_campaign()
- campaign_name
- Website data tree
- port #

==postponing this project to learn CI/CD pipelines for the day==

# CI/CD

https://git.nopsled.me/jboyd/cicd-tutorial - my CICD learning repository 

creating a .gitlab-ci.yml file

stages, jobs, scripts

Tutorial - https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/quick_start/index.html
Syntax reference https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/yaml/index.html

jobs belong to stages, stages belong to pipelines

basic syntax

stages defined in stages
- default stages exist but will be inaccessible if custom stages are defined
- jobs will execute in order unless custom stages are defined - then jobs are executed in the order the stages are defined in the stages section 
```yaml
stages:

- test

- build

- deploy

- init

  

another-step:

stage: init

script:

- echo "this is it"

  

first-step:

stage: build

script:

- echo "this guy runs first"

  

second-step:

stage: test

script:

- echo "this guy runs at the same time as second-step1"

  

second-step-1:

stage: test

script:

- echo "this guy runs at the same time as second-step"

  

last-step:

stage: deploy

script:

- echo "this guy runs last"

```


# 1

Build a CI/CD pipeline that does the following when a new issue is created:

- Responds to the issue 